# cpsc445msdf

This is Matt Schuler and David Farrell's CNU Capstone Project for CPSC 445W. It's a web application designed to ask users what kind of website they would like to create. After a series of breakdown questions, results pages appear with possible options users can choose based on prices and features offered. Our target audience is for individuals who want to create their own websites and they may not understand the technical jargon boasted by options out there. We slimmed down the jargon with more understandable terminology and we hope our users will know what exactly they would get themselves into.

We handpicked the best content management systems like Wordpress, web hosting platforms like Godaddy, and even unmanaged web services like Amazon Web Services. Many options display managed web services that encourages handholding and makes website creation and design easy. Unmanaged web services is another story: when unmanaged web services are recommended, a table of freelance web developers appear below the options. They are there to offer help to anyone who is unfamiliar with using unmanaged web services as using them can be confusing. The options of each result are tailored to the requirements for different kinds of websites. The options may not be optimal for every possible situation and website, but we want to provide a centralized method of comparing options side-by-side, so users can make educated decisions on what they want to use to host and publish their websites.
